Bounds (hard max): <=65 chars
Advisory min: 25


Warnings (short titles – consider enriching):
too-short    len= 24 :: dist/areas/brisbane/index.html
  Brisbane – Service Areas
too-short    len= 24 :: dist/areas/index.html
  Service Areas – Clusters
too-short    len= 23 :: dist/areas/ipswich/index.html
  Ipswich – Service Areas
too-short    len= 21 :: dist/areas/logan/index.html
  Logan – Service Areas
too-short    len= 23 :: dist/blog/brisbane/category/local/index.html
  Blog – Brisbane / Local
too-short    len= 23 :: dist/blog/brisbane/category/story/index.html
  Blog – Brisbane / Story
too-short    len= 24 :: dist/blog/brisbane/category/suburb/index.html
  Blog – Brisbane / Suburb
too-short    len= 21 :: dist/blog/brisbane/category/usp/index.html
  Blog – Brisbane / Usp
too-short    len= 14 :: dist/blog/brisbane/client-stories/index.html
  Client Stories
too-short    len= 15 :: dist/blog/brisbane/index.html
  Blog – brisbane
too-short    len= 24 :: dist/blog/brisbane/kenmore/index.html
  Bond Cleaning in Kenmore
too-short    len= 17 :: dist/blog/index.html
  Blog – One N Done
too-short    len= 22 :: dist/blog/ipswich/category/local/index.html
  Blog – Ipswich / Local
too-short    len= 22 :: dist/blog/ipswich/category/story/index.html
  Blog – Ipswich / Story
too-short    len= 23 :: dist/blog/ipswich/category/suburb/index.html
  Blog – Ipswich / Suburb
too-short    len= 20 :: dist/blog/ipswich/category/usp/index.html
  Blog – Ipswich / Usp
too-short    len= 14 :: dist/blog/ipswich/client-stories/index.html
  Client Stories
too-short    len= 14 :: dist/blog/ipswich/index.html
  Blog – ipswich
too-short    len= 24 :: dist/blog/ipswich/kenmore/index.html
  Bond Cleaning in Kenmore
too-short    len= 24 :: dist/blog/logan/category/checklist/index.html
  Blog – Logan / Checklist
too-short    len= 20 :: dist/blog/logan/category/local/index.html
  Blog – Logan / Local
too-short    len= 20 :: dist/blog/logan/category/story/index.html
  Blog – Logan / Story
too-short    len= 21 :: dist/blog/logan/category/suburb/index.html
  Blog – Logan / Suburb
too-short    len= 18 :: dist/blog/logan/category/usp/index.html
  Blog – Logan / Usp
too-short    len= 14 :: dist/blog/logan/client-stories/index.html
  Client Stories
too-short    len= 12 :: dist/blog/logan/index.html
  Blog – logan
too-short    len= 24 :: dist/blog/logan/kenmore/index.html
  Bond Cleaning in Kenmore
too-short    len= 20 :: dist/gallery/index.html
  Gallery – One N Done
too-short    len= 10 :: dist/ui/index.html
  UI Catalog

No blocking violations.